I was eight years old my mother died she
loved traveling the world and digging up
the past he used to visit all the time
no one day everything changed
she'd found something something he
wanted he would have killed me too
I got away
[Applause]
is changing
[Music]
nothing could stand in the face of this
we are loved
before she died
your mother told me she was afraid of
Valentine and that if anything should
happen to her that was to find you that
you can stop him
she could be a problem if she's anything
like a mother peep what happens when you
find a stash or
we'll give
he's here
of survival this is checkmate
honey you wouldn't leave me shut up and
run
you want to do this I have to fill my
mother
you look at her and all you see are the
jagged edges but she is something quite
different she is beautiful and strange
and very very rare
[Music]